README.md, before:

# Basic Web Scraping 

_Website to get data from other website, clean the code and get the most common words._

### Project goal by martin-stepwolf :goal_net:

Project developed in a subject when I was student.
As better developer I refactor all the project with my better skills and practices.

### Achievements :star2:

As IT student, I knew already about php and JavaScript, in the subject I achieved:

- Teamwork despite nobody uses git/github.
- Get the data with PHP and process it with JavaScript.

### Installing 🔧

The programs you need are:

- PHP 7.

Then run the server:

```
php -S localhost:8080
```

## Authors

-   Martín Campos - refactor -[martin-stepwolf](https://github.com/martin-stepwolf)
-   IngCampos - initial work - past nickname of martin-stepwolf

## Contributing

You're free to contribute to this project by submitting [issues](https://github.com/martin-stepwolf/basic-web-scraping/issues) and/or [pull requests](https://github.com/martin-stepwolf/basic-web-scraping/pulls).

## License

This personal project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

## References :books:

- [Regular expression course](https://platzi.com/clases/expresiones-regulares/)

Commit message:

design: HTML semantic and better design

README.md, after:

# Basic Web Scraping 

_Website to get data from other website, clean the code and get the most common words._

### Project goal by martin-stepwolf :goal_net:

Project developed in a subject when I was student.
As better developer I refactor all the project with my better skills and practices.

### Achievements :star2:

As IT student, I knew already about php and JavaScript, in the subject I achieved:

- Teamwork despite nobody uses git/github.
- Get the data with PHP and process it with JavaScript.

Now with the refactorization I achieved:

- Clean code, HTML semantic and better practices.
- Use regular expressions to clean the data.

### Installing 🔧

The programs you need are:

- PHP 7.

Then run the server:

```
php -S localhost:8080
```

## Authors

-   Martín Campos - refactor -[martin-stepwolf](https://github.com/martin-stepwolf)
-   IngCampos - initial work - past nickname of martin-stepwolf

## Contributing

You're free to contribute to this project by submitting [issues](https://github.com/martin-stepwolf/basic-web-scraping/issues) and/or [pull requests](https://github.com/martin-stepwolf/basic-web-scraping/pulls).

## License

This personal project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

## References :books:

- [Regular expression course](https://platzi.com/clases/expresiones-regulares/)
